Omnia quae undalant non sunt Jello. Tr: All that wiggles is not Jello.

Where there's a will, I want to be in it.  	

The last thing I want to do is hurt you. But it's still on my list.

Since light travels faster than sound, some people appear bright until you hear them speak.

If I agreed with you, we'd both be wrong.

We never really grow up, we only learn how to act in public.

War does not determine who is right - only who is left.

Knowledge is knowing a tomato is a fruit.. Wisdom is not putting it in a fruit salad.

To steal ideas from one person is plagiarism. To steal from many is research.

I didn't say it was your fault, I said I was blaming you.

In filling out an application, where it says, 'In case of emergency, Notify:' I put 'DOCTOR'.

Women will never be equal to men until they can walk down the street with a bald head and a beer gut, and still think they are sexy.

You do not need a parachute to skydive. You only need a parachute to skydive twice.

I used to be indecisive. Now I'm not so sure..

To be sure of hitting the target, shoot first and call whatever you hit the target.

Going to church doesn't make you a Christian any more than standing in a garage makes you a car.

You're never too old to learn something stupid.

I'm supposed to respect my elders, but its getting harder and harder for me to find one.

Being a professional is doing the things you love to do, on the days you don’t feel like doing them. - Julius Erving

All who call on God in true faith, earnestly from the heart, will certainly be heard, and will receive what they have asked and desired.  - Martin Luther
 
Films have degenerated to their original operation as carnival amusement - they offer not drama but thrills.  - David Mamet 

Be nice to nerds.  Chances are you'll end up working for one. - Bill Gates

Each morning when I awake, I experience again a supreme pleasure - that of being Salvador Dali. - Salvador Dali 

Have no fear of perfection - you'll never reach it. - Salvador Dali 

I do not paint a portrait to look like the subject, rather does the person grow to look like his portrait. - Salvador Dali 

I don't do drugs. I am drugs. - Salvador Dali 

I have Dalinian thought: the one thing the world will never have enough of is the outrageous. - Salvador Dali 

At the age of six I wanted to be a cook. At seven I wanted to be Napoleon. And my ambition has been growing steadily ever since.  - Salvador Dali 

Democratic societies are unfit for the publication of such thunderous revelations as I am in the habit of making. - Salvador Dali 

Don't bother about being modern. Unfortunately it is the one thing that, whatever you do, you cannot avoid.  - Salvador Dali 

Drawing is the honesty of the art. There is no possibility of cheating. It is either good or bad.  - Salvador Dali

The only difference between me and a madman is that I'm not mad. - Salvador Dali 

The secret of my influence has always been that it remained secret.  - Salvador Dali 

The terrifying and edible beauty of Art Nouveau architecture. - Salvador Dali 

The thermometer of success is merely the jealousy of the malcontents. - Salvador Dali 

There are some days when I think I'm going to die from an overdose of satisfaction. - Salvador Dali 

There is only one difference between a madman and me. SeThe madman thinks he is sane. I know I am mad.  - Salvador Dali 

Those who do not want to imitate anything, produce nothing. - Salvador Dali 

Wars have never hurt anybody except the people who die.  - Salvador Dali

We are all hungry and thirsty for concrete images. Abstract art will have been good for one thing: to restore its exact virginity to figurative art.  - Salvador Dali 

Everyone should be quick to listen, slow to speak and slow to become angry. James 1:19 

"I take exception to saying that Bernanke, Obama, and Pelosi are spending like drunken sailors. When I was a drunken sailor, I quit spending when I ran out of money." Author Unknown. 

Be kind, for everyone you meet is fighting a hard battle. - Plato

When you find a big kettle of crazy, it's best not to stir it.

One should forgive one's enemies, but not before they are hanged. - Heinrich Heine

The only reason so many people attended his funeral was they wanted to make sure he was dead. - Samuel Goldwyn, on Louis B. Mayer

Under certain circumstances, profanity provides a relief denied even to prayer. - Mark Twain

I am a firm believer in the people. If given the truth, they can be depended upon to meet any national crisis. The great point is to bring them the real facts, and beer." — Abraham Lincoln

You have to know how to accept rejection and reject acceptance. -- Ray Bradbury

Tragedy is me getting a paper cut.  Comedy is youfalling into an open manhole and drowning in shit. -- Mel Brooks.

"Life, alas, is very drear. Up with the glass! Down with the beer!"  -- Louis Untermeyer

The degree to which my company's IT guy hates Apple is matched only by the many colorful nicknames he uses to express it. --- LonelySandwich

Happiness is nothing more than good health and a bad memory. -- Albert Schweizter

Never offend someone with style when you can offend them with substance.

We can't solve problems by using the same kind of thinking we used when we created them. - Einstein

This dying is boring. – Richard Feynman, last words before his death.

As long as the world is turning and spinning, we’re going be dizzy and we’re gonna make mistakes. - Mel Brooks

I don't want to achieve immortality through my work, I want to achieve it through not dying. – Woody Allen

They that can give up essential liberty to obtain a little temporary safety deserve neither liberty nor safety.

We know that you would go to the end of the world for us. But would you stay there?

You must be the arithmetic man -- you add trouble, subtract pleasure, divide attention, and multiply ignorance.

Don't argue about the difficulties. The difficulties will argue for themselves. - Churchill

A fanatic is one who can't change his mind and won't change the subject. - Churchill

Men occasionally stumble over the truth but most of them pick themselves up and hurry off as if nothing had happened. - Churchill

There are only two fundamental forces in the universe: WD-40 to make things separate and Duct Tape to hold 
things together.

Duct Tape is like the Force in Stars Wars: it has a light side and a dark side and it holds the universe together.

The world has enough for man's need, but not for man's greed. - Mahatma Ghandi

In theory there is no difference between theory and practice. But in practice there is. - Jan L.A. van de Snepscheut

There aren't enough hours of daylight to practice all the shots you need. - Ben Hogan (not exact, but close)

Every day you don't practice means you're a day farther from getting good. - Ben Hogan (not exact, but close)

Vision is the art of seeing things invisible. - Jonathan Swift
The ideas that have lighted my way have been kindness, beauty and truth. - Albert Einstein

I should be sorry if I only entertained them; I wished to make them better. - George Frideric Handel

When you steal from one author, it's plagiarism; if you steal from many, it's research. - Wilson Mizner

Learn the ABC of science before you try to ascend to its summit. -Ivan Petrovich Pavlov

To teach is to learn twice.- Joseph Joubert

True science teaches, above all, to doubt and be ignorant- Miguel De Unamuno

Learn, compare, collect the facts! - Ivan Petrovich Pavlov

Nature works by means of bodies unseen.- Lucretius

I do not know any reading more easy, more fascinating, more delightful than a catalogue. - Anatole France

Science increases our power in proportion as it lowers our pride. - Claude Bernard

Scientific thought is not an accompaniment of human progress, but human progress itself. - William Kingdon Clifford

Life is not easy for any of us. What of that? We must have perseverance and, above all, confidence in ourselves. -Marie Curie

The whole secret of the study of nature lies in learning how to use ones eye. - George Sand

The whole of science is nothing more than a refinement of everyday thinking. - Albert Einstein

Physics is experience, arranged in economical order. - Ernst Mach

Science is built up with facts, as a house is with stones. But a collection of facts is no more a science than a heap of stones is a house. - Henri Poincare

Numerical precision is the very soul of science. - Sir D'Arcy Wentworth Thompson
 
Knowledge is power. - Francis Bacon

After all, what is education but a process by which a person begins to learn how to learn? - Peter Ustinov

A teacher affects eternity; he can never tell where his influence stops. - Henry Brooks Adams

If I have seen further it is because I have stood on the shoulders of giants. - Sir Isaac Newton

Occam's Razor - Entities ought not to be multiplied, except from necessity. - William of Occam, 14th century Franciscan scholar

Truth comes out of error more easily than out of confusion. - Francis Bacon

I do not know what I may appear to the world, but to myself I seem to have been only like a boy playing on the sea-shore, and diverting myself in now and then finding a smoother pebble or a prettier shell than ordinary, whilst the great ocean of truth lay all undiscovered before me. - Sir Issac Newton

All our dignity lies in thought. By thought we must elevate ourselves, not by space and time which we cannot fill. Let us endeavor then to think well; therein lies the principle of morality. - Blaise Pascal

Only those who have the patience to do simple things perfectly will acquire the skill to do difficult things easily. - Johann von Schiller

A good teacher is one who can understand those who are not very good at explaining, and explain to those who are not very good at understanding. -Dwight D. Eisenhower

It's amazing how long it takes to complete something you are not working on. - McGee's First Law

The larger the island of knowledge, the longer the shoreline of wonder. - Sockman

You must collect things for reasons you don't yet understand. - Daniel J. Boorstin

Not only does science begin in wonder, it ends in wonder. - Abraham Maslow

Man's mind once stretched by a new idea never regains its original dimensions. - Oliver Wendell Holmes

The best way to have a good idea is to have lots of ideas. - Linus Pauling

Don't solve problems; pursue opportunities. - Peter Drucker

One must have the right of choice, even to choose wrong, if he is ever to learn to choose right. - Josiah C. Wedgewood

Understanding means seeing that the same thing said different ways is the same thing. - Ludwig Wittgenstein

If you cannot, in the long run, tell everyone what you have been doing, your doing has been worthless. - Erwin Schrodinger

The object of teaching a child is to enable him to get along without his teacher. - Elbert Hubbard

For every thousand hacking at the leaves of evil, there is one striking at the root. - Henry David Thoreau

It is impossible for us to break the law. We can only break ourselves against the law. - Cecil B. deMille

The significant problems we face cannot be solved at the same level of thinking we were at when we created them. - Albert Einstein

That which we obtain too easily, we esteem too lightly. It is dearness only which gives everything its value. Heaven knows how to put a proper price on its goods. - Thomas Paine

Men occasionally stumble over truth, but most of them pick themselves up and hurry off as if nothing had happened. - Winston Churchill

The bitterness of poor quality is remembered long after the sweetness of low price has faded from memory. -Aldo Gucci, 1938

It is almost as presumptuous to think you can do nothing as to think you can do everything. - Phillips Brooks

There is nothing more difficult to take in hand, more perilous to conduct, or more uncertain in its success, than to take the lead in the introduction of a new order of things. - Niccolo Machiavelli

I am returning this otherwise good typing paper to you because someone has printed gibberish all over it and put your name at the top. - English Professor, Ohio University

Brain, n.: The apparatus with which we think that we think.- Ambrose Bierce, The Devil's Dictionary

Academic politics is the most vicious and bitter form of politics, because the stakes are so low. - Wallace Sayre
University politics are vicious precisely because the stakes are so small. - Henry Kissinger

Or, to paraphrase Winston Churchill, Never have so many fought for so little.

The best lesson life has taught me is that the idiots in many cases are right. - W. Churchill

There's always an easy solution to every problem - neat, plausible, and wrong. - H. L. Mencken

The time is always right to do what is right. - Martin Luther King, Jr.

Everything that is faced will not change, but nothing will change unless it is faced. -James Baldwin

The meaning of a word is its use. - Ludwig Wittgenstein

Sometimes it much more important to be reasonable than to be precisely correct.

An education is what comes to persons who have lots of curiosity.

It's not a matter of life and death, it's more important than that. - Anonymous

Never ascribe to malice that which can be adequately explained by stupidity.

Your mere presence is depriving some village of its idiot.

If you're not part of the solution, you're part of the precipitate.

A good safeguard against insanity is to never let yourself be driven up the wall by a chaotic conception of the screwed up thinking that drove you bananas in the first place.

I hear and I forget, I see and I remember, I do and I understand.

Better problem solvers don't necessarily have better hardware, they have better software.

Success comes before work only in the dictionary.

Doubt is the darkroom where negatives are developed.

If you don't see what you want, make it.

You don't have to better than everyone else, just better than the day before.

Opportunity is like a bald man. You have to confront it head on because there is nothing to grab on to as it goes by.

Man who says it cannot be done, should not interrupt man doing it. - Chinese proverb

Chinese proverb - outside noisy, inside empty

If you can do something about it, why worry? If you can't do something about it, why worry? Old Indian Proverb

African proverb - Not to know is bad; not to wish to know is worse

Average person has 150 teachers in lifetime and only 3 touch that person's life

Well, uh...I don't know. Aha! An auspicious beginning.

The Way of the Samurai: Meet every second in life as challenge; respond fully to whatever happens without anxiety. Or complaint. Or clinging.

One reason people get lost in thought is because it's unfamiliar territory. 

"There are only four great arts: music, painting, sculpture, and ornamental pastry- architecture being perhaps the least banal derivative of the latter." - Julia Child

Everything in moderation - including moderation. - Julia Child

Cooking is like love; it should be entered into with abandon, or not at all. - Julia Child

Fat gives things flavor. - Julia Chil

The only time to eat diet food is while you are waiting for the steak to cook. - Julia Child

Find something you're passionate about and keep interested in it. - Julia Child

How can a nation be called great if its bread tastes like kleenex. - Julia Child

It's so beautifully arranged on the plate - you know someones fingers have been all over it. - Julia Child

You'll never know everything about anything, especially something you love. - Julia Child

The only real stumbling block is fear of failure. In cooking you've got to have a what-the-hel attitude. - Julia Child
